README.md, before:

# TE Time Keeping APP
L3 Harris Test Engineering Project - Time Keeping

This repository contains code for running the application. Our goals are to:

- Create a working application that can track activity time per factory.
- Make an executable out of the APP to be shared.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone or download this repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/James-Homan/TE-Time-Keeping.git
```

### 2. Open
Open the repository in VS Code (or your preferred environment).

## Usage

### 0. Python 3.12 Recommended

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org tk
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org pip setuptools
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org matplotlib
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org pandas
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org streamlit
```

Or install all at once:

```bash
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org tk matplotlib pandas streamlit
```

### 2. Open the Script

- The main application script is `TE_Timekeeping_toStreamLit.py`.
- You can view or modify code, run the code in a python IDE, and see results interactively.

### 3. Run the project
- This project will be designed to be a stand alone application. Simply just launch the application.

### 4. Opening Generated .csv File to see timecard information
- Before Closing Command Terminal, Close the GUI. after GUI is closed within Command line bash area_log.csv to open the timecard Database to populate time Card 2.0

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated instructions
Updated README to clarify usage instructions and remove outdated information.

README.md, after:

# TE Time Keeping APP
L3 Harris Test Engineering Project - Time Keeping

This repository contains code for running the application. Our goals are to:

- Create a working application that can track activity time per factory.

## Getting Started

### 1. Clone or download this repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/James-Homan/TE-Time-Keeping.git
```

### 2. Open

Open the repository in VS Code (or your preferred environment).

## Usage

### 0. Python 3.12 Recommended

During development, I found that python 3.12 is a good stable version to use. I recommend you build a venv to have a clean version of the libraries necessary to run this program.

### 1. Install dependencies

```bash
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org tk
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org pip setuptools
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org matplotlib
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org pandas
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org streamlit
```

Or install all at once:

```bash
pip install --trusted-host pypi.org --trusted-host files.pythonhosted.org tk matplotlib pandas streamlit
```

### 2. Open the Script

- The main application script is `TE_Timekeeping_toStreamLit.py`.
- You can view or modify code, run the code in a python IDE, and see results interactively.

### 3. Run the project

- ```bash
  streamlit run ./TE_Timekeeping_toStreamLit.py
  ```
- The app will open from there
